Correction to the title template directory. (#3755)
OpenShot/openshot-qt: doc/titles.rst

Custom Titles
-------------
OpenShot can use any vector SVG image file as a title template. Just add an SVG image file to your 

> */.openshot_qt/title_templates/* folder, and it will appear in OpenShot's title editor after you restart OpenShot. You can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*.openshot_qt/title_templates/* folder, and it will appear the next time you open the Title Editor interface. You can
```

I don't know what that leading slash is about, but it shouldn't be there. (If we were a Linux-only app it would make sense to say `$HOME/.openshot_qt/title_templates/`, but that's not right for Windows.)

Also, a quick test tells me that you don't even need to restart OpenShot — the list in the Title Editor dialog is rebuilt each time it's opened, so any additions to the directory will appear as soon as it's opened again.
